Document product and engineering planning process (#820)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/product-engineering/index.md

# Product and Engineering

## Purpose

> The role of Product and Engineering is to create value for our customers by delivering a high quality product that solves their problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roles of [Product](../product/index.md) and [Engineering](../engineering/index.md) are to create value for our customers by delivering a high quality product that solves their problems.
```
